1. Jack David
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Called with an issue with my van, they said they would have a look if I bring it round. They came out straight away to help us, found the problem and reassured us everything was okay. Super helpful, super friendly. Top lads

2. Pamela Walliams
⭐⭐⭐⭐
Took my car here for an MOT in December 2025, a little apprehensive initially as my regular garage had recently closed & had not been impressed looking at 2 other garages that had staff that were rude & dismissive.
However different when I went to Naz's MOT Limited, who greeted me with a smile, asked how they could help me, told them when the MOT was due & they booked me in . I took the car to the following day am, and they contacted me in the afternoon to let me know the cost of the mot/pats & labour.
They advised the part they will oder for me which would be delivered later in the day. I explained I would be unable to collect the car the same day, & was advised not to worry they would keep the car secured & locked up overnight & keep me informed when the work was collected. They contacted me the following day to advise the work was completed. When I arrived, again was welcomed, was shown the part taken off my car & replaced, also reassured that they don't "rip off female customers" as all business is welcome
I can't thank them enough for their promptness, professionalism, being kept informed of work needed, cost of work, safety of car overnight, friendliness, & receipt of work on completion.  Would recommend this place for mot.
They are a cash only business, & do mot, service & repairs only. Will use this business again in the future, no complaints, .

3. Jay Cee 
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Very efficient and professional.
Dropped off my car for MOT (agreed the time the day before) and my car was ready to collect within the hour. Will definitely be using these guys again

4. Nabila A
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Naz and the brothers are well respected here. They took my car and did the job. Professional, kind and very respectful people. Thank you so much. May Allah bless you and the team 🙏🏼 …

5. Muhammad Kamran
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I went with my brother for the MOT . Very nice and friendly staff . Highly professional and i recommend it to my every Friend .

6. Scott Johnston
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Great guy fitted my car and my sons van, for not same day quick and a very reliable. Would recommend to anyone.

7. Monika Sypka
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Fantastic customer service, I’m very luck who I go to and first impressions are important to me. Naz’s MOT is definitely a place to take your car. Thank you so much guys!
